 changed my mind. Let’s remove the 4 Go Deeper articles (below) and 4 under “MORE TO EXPLORE”:
The Holy Spirit
The Bible
Struggling with Destructive Behavior?
Fleeing Temptation

Here is why:
The Holy Spirit and The Bible are lists of Bible verses. We have a different plan for this type of resource.
Struggling with Destructive Behavior is a whole set of articles, which are currently missing. The introductory article we have now doesn’t help much by itself.
Fleeing temptation also requires a lot more to make sense.


The four Go Deeper articles are somewhat duplicates of what people can now find in the ALJ main and Go Deeper articles. To avoid confusion, I want to remove these as well.

That means, however, the current links to these articles in FAQs need to be redirected.

I also want to refine the FAQs.

There should be no line under the main title.
At the bottom, the white right box should be linked to "Begin the Adventure”.

How Do I Know This Is Real?

The first paragraph that ends with the link “Learn more about who God is” should go under “Has God really forgiven me for my sin?” That’s part of the answer.

Delete “Learn more about “How to Experience God’s Forgiveness”
Replace “Learn more about “Assurance of Your Salvation” with “Learn more about becoming a “Citizen of Heaven” >>>

What Do I Do Now?

“Congratulations!” goes with the first sentence in the box.

I Want to Know Jesus Better

Move the first paragraph under the title to the top of the main text box above “The Bible”

How Should I Handle My Current Relationships?

Move the first paragraph under the main title to the top of the text box above “1 Start with Love"

Delete: “Learn more about how to “Experience God’s Love”

I Am Afraid...

Ditto. There should be no text under the main title

I Have Questions About Church

.The same with the first paragraph under the main title.

More Questions?

Ditto.

Delete: Learn more about overcoming old habits and sins: “Struggling with Destructive Behavior?”
Delete: Learn more about “Fleeing Temptation”
Delete: Learn “Spiritual Breathing” to maintain your fellowship with God

Questions for Returning to Jesus

No text under the main title. This applies to all 7 articles

I feel ashamed or distant...
 
Place the passage (Luke 15:11-24) under the title “Have you read the story Jesus told?”
Remove reference numbers from the passage. I thought it might be helpful for new believers, but actually they look more confusing. 
Add paragraph breaks: a new paragraph starting 15:17, 15:20, and 15:22.

There is a weird formatting issue: Romans 8:38-39)
The parenthesis ( is separated, depending on the width of the window. 

How Should I Handle the Relationships?

Delete “Learn more about how to “Experience God’s Love”

I Have Questions about Getting Connected Again

Is it possible to link “Prodigal Son in Luke 15" under “Should I get baptized again?” to NET Bible Luke 15:11? If not, change Luke 15 to Luke 15:11-24.

I Want to Know Jesus More Deeply

Replace with a new version, v.092926 (attached).

More Questions

The paragraph under the main title should go under the first question, “Does God still want me after I walked away?”

Change the first “Examine the evidence for yourself” to “Examine the evidence for Jesus’ true identity” and link to https://app.jesusonline.com/series/73

Change the first “Examine the evidence for yourself” to “Examine the evidence for the reliability of the Bible” and link to https://app.jesusonline.com/series/72

I think that’s it for refinement, for now. 😀